attributeName	code	definition
countryCode	US	United States
geodeticDatum	EPSG:4326 WGS84	code for date format
locationID	Anchorage_Alpha_22A	Anchorage Alpha in Bar Harbor
locationID	Anchorage_Bravo_22B	Anchorage Bravo in Bar Harbor
locationID	Bar_Harbor_Town_Pier_22D	Bar Harbor Town Pier
locationID	Bass_Harbor_21B	Bass Habor
locationID	Bernard_21B	Bernard
locationID	Berry_Cove	Berry Cove
locationID	Eastern_Bay_Channel	Eastern Bay Channel
locationID	Hadley_Point	Hadley Point
locationID	Jordan_River	Jordan River
locationID	Lamoine_Beach	Lamoine Beach
locationID	MDIBL_Dock_22G	Mount Desert Island Biological Lab Dock
locationID	Northeast_Harbor_21C	North East Harbor
locationID	Raccoon_Cove	Raccoon Cove
locationID	Skillings_River	Skillings River
locationID	Stave_Island	Stave Island
locationID	SWH_Beals_21A	South West Harbor Beals
locationID	SWH_Dysarts_21A	South West Harbor Dysarts
locationID	The_Hop	The Hop island
locationID	Thomas_Island_E	Thomas Island East
locationID	Thomas_Island_W	Thomas Island West